Aye-aye, captain! Aye aye, captain!
Tartar sauce! Tartar sauce!
No problemo. No problemo.
Ah, shrimp. Ah, shrimp.
Barnacles! Barnacles!
Order up! Order up!
I’m ready! I’m ready!
I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready.
I'm ugly and I'm proud!
What a great day.
Thanks, pal.
F is for friends who do stuff together!
Down here in the deep blue sea!
Here, let me help you.
Here with my best buddy!
Okay everyone, it's in the key of fun!
I have a square head and a real ghost has a round one. 
All we have to do is make my head round and boo, I’m scary!
If I were to die right now in a fiery explosion due to the carelessness of a friend. 
Then it would just be alright.
I’ll have you know that I stubbed by toe last week and only cried for 20 minutes.
This is not your average, everyday darkness.
Moss always points to civilization.
Always follow your heart unless your heart is bad with directions.
Well, it’s no secret that the best thing about a secret is secretly telling someone your secret, thereby adding another secret to their secret collection of secrets, secretly.
With imagination, you can be anything you want.
I have worked for Mr. Krabs for many years and always thought he was a great boss.
And tonight, after my big promotion, we’re gonna party till we’re purple.
A Triple Gooberberry Sunrise, huh? I guess I could use one of those.
Look at all the hip young people eating sal-ads.
The best time to wear a striped sweater is all the time!
I’m so loyal, I don’t mind sleeping out in the cold, hard ground while Captain Krabs sleeps in his warm, dry tent.
You don’t need a license to drive a sandwich.
I know of a place where you never get harmed. A magical place with magical charm. Indoors. Indoors. Indoooors!
Good people don’t rip other people’s arms off.
Oh well, I guess I’m not wearing any pants today!
I’m a good noodle!
We don’t need television, not as long as we have our imagination!
Pull your pants up, Patrick. We’re going home.
Wow, Patrick, I didn’t know you spoke bird.
Squidward that’s not the peace treaty, that’s a copy of the peace treaty.
Run Mr. Krabs! Run like you’re not in a coma!
No Patrick, that’s your mother.
Guess what day today is?
No silly! that’s on the 15!
I do!
I think it means he’s afraid of Santa Claus.
Stop it, Patrick! You’re scaring him!
Patrick, I don't think 'wumbo' is a real word.
Patrick, you’re a genius!
The sash wringing, the trash thinging, mash flinging, the flash springing, bringing the the crash thinging.
Aw, cheer up, Squid! It could be worse!
I don’t need it. I don’t need it. I definitely don’t need it. I don’t need it. I don’t need it. I don’t need it. I don’t need it.
I NEEEED IT!
No, Patrick. They’re laughing next to us.
We’re not doing so well, Patrick. We need a new approach, a new tactic.
What’s better than serving up smiles?
Gary, I’m absorbing his blows like I’m made of some sort of spongy material.
Squidward, I used your clarinet to unclog my toilet.
The Krusty Krab pizza is the pizza for you and me.
I knew a guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy, who knew this guy’s cousin.
Excuse me, sir, but you’re sitting on my body, which is also my face.
No one can change a person, but someone can be a reason for that person to change.
You never really know the true value of a moment, until it becomes a memory.
All I know is fine dining and breathing.
Hey Patrick, I thought of something funnier than 24. 25!
Hey, if I close my eyes it doesn’t seem so dark.
Gotta be in top physical condition for today, Gary.
The finest eating establishment ever established for eating: The Krusty Krab, home of the Krabby Patty.
For years I've been dreaming of this moment.
Permission to come aboard, captain!
Mr. Krabs, please! I'll prove I'm fry cook material!
Hey, you like karate too.
So, what's your name?
I'm SpongeBob!
Say, what is that thing on your head?
Why, "air" is my middle name.
Okay, see you tomorrow.
It’s me, SpongeBob.
Ahh, what a wonderful day.
The sun is out, the water is shimmering, scallops are chirping.
Oh, sure thing, Squidward.
Hey, Squidward. Wanna blow some bubbles?
Good morning to you, sir. Would you care to blow a bubble?
Sure thing, Patrick.
One bubble wand, dipped and ready to go.
Could I interest you in some lessons?
Okay, Patrick, it's all in the technique.
First go like this, spin around. Stop! Double take three times: one, two, three. Then pelvic thrust! 
Whoooo! Whooooooo! Stop on your right foot, don't forget it! Now it's time to bring it around town. Bring-it-around-town. 
Then you do this, then this, and this, and that, and-this-and-that-and-this-and-that.
And now with two hands!
Excuse me, sir.
We're not just blowing bubbles. We're making bubble art. Watch carefully.
That'll be 25 cents, sir.
We also offer lessons for beginners.
Hey, Squidward, remember the technique.
Squidward, technique! You do this, and this, step back.
Look, we're doing the technique! And don't forget the "Woooooo!" Squidward?
You said it, Squidward. See, it is all in the technique.
Sandy! Look!
Hey Sandy, who am I?
Did anyone order twenty pepperoni and sand pizzas?
Good job, Sandy.
All right, stand back, everyone.
Could I borrow a couple of these?
I got it!
Hey, Sandy, how about throwing it to me?
I could use a hand here! 
except I ripped my pants!
I'll take a banana split.
That's okay. I already split my pants! Get it?
You know what would go good with that?
Delivery! Did you order twenty cases of ripped pants?
Because I ripped my pants!
Come on, think! 
I got it!
Hey, everybody!
Oh, I didn't have to be a fool to get Sandy's attention. 
Am I the biggest loser on the beach?!
I lost my best friend.
I thought that I had everybody by my side, but I went and blew it all sky-high, and now she won't even spare a passing glance, all just because I ripped my pants.
I know I shouldn't mope around, I shouldn't curse, but the pain feels so much worse. 'Cause winding up with no one is a lot less fun than a burn from the sun.
Now I learned a lesson I won't soon forget, so listen and you won't regret.
Be true to yourself, don't miss your chance, and you won't end up like the fool who ripped his pants.
Absolutely, buddy.
I think I've got it! Wait a minute.
Hey, Squidward, we're jellyfishing.
Wait! We made a net especially for you!
Do you want to come with us?
You know, Patrick? 
It always seems like Squidward never has time for fun.
No, are you kidding? We're his best friends.
Squid's back!
Hey, Patrick, Squid's home!
And we're gonna make sure he's greeted by his two best friends!
Let's go!
Welcome home, Squidward!
We're gonna make this your best day ever!
I don't think soup is the best thing for him on his best day ever.
How about some music on your best day ever?
Sorry, my lips are a little dry.
But what is best is what we saved for last. 
The one sure-fire thing to make your best day ever the best day ever!
Jellyfishing, jellyfishing, jellyfishing!
This is Jellyfish Fields, where wild jellyfish roam just waiting to be captured.
No, no, Squid! Over here! I know you're eager, but you don't even have your net.
Patrick, fix him up while I find him a good specimen.
There's one in position. Ready, set, go!
Hey, look! Squid's doing it!
He's a natural!
Yeah, you're doing great! Go, Squid, go!
Yeah, you got, Squid!
Be the net!
This is really your best day ever, isn't it?
Me too.
Um, we're really sorry about what happened yesterday, Squidward.
Um, we got you a present!
It's the jellyfish.
hold on a second!
Look at it, Squidward. Mr. Krabs' gift to all of Bikini Bottom, the Krabby Patty.
I swear I'm not doing anything. Mr. Krabs! The Krabby Patty is haunted!
Okay, Mr. Krabs, see you tomorrow!
Wow! A golden spatula! And it's even got my name on it.
You just want to be friends so you can get your hands on a Krabby Patty! 
And I bet it's not even your birthday tomorrow!
You'll never get a Krabby Patty from me! Even if we are friends! Never, never, never, never!
Good night, Gary.
Morning already?
I feel a little funny today.
Time for a well-balanced breakfast.
This isn't what I had in mind.
Let me just grab my pants.
I guess I'm not using the door either. See you later, Gary!
You're right, Gary! There is something wrong with me! 
Squidward! Squidward! Wake up! I need some help!
Something must be wrong with my brain!
Get out of my head! Leave my brain alone!
No! No, never!
You can't fool me, Plankton, you want the Krabby Patty formula!
I must fight!
I just have to say I'm sorry I let Mr. Krabs down.
I let all of Bikini Bottom down. But worst of all, I let you down, you delicate little Krabby Patty.
With your tasty, juicy, scrumptious, warm, steamy goodness.
I'll never forget your 100% all-secret patty, secretly assembled with undersea cheese, pickles, lettuce, tomato, onion, all secretly steamed between two fluffy seaweed-sea buns.
Well, patty, I guess we can go home now.